[Music]
[Applause]
dark side of the force is a pathway to
many abilities some consider to be
unnatural is it possible to learn this
power not from a Jedi the council wants
you to report on all the Chancellor's
dealings that's treason we are at war
Anakin very dangerous putting them
together
I don't think the boy can handle it I
don't just do I need your help son I'm
appointing you to be my personal
representative on the Jedi Council
you're on this council but we do not
grant you the rank of Master what
obi-wan and the council don't trust me
learn to know the dark side of the force
and you achieve a Power greater than any
Jedi you're under arrest Chancellor are
you threatening me master Jedi
[Applause]
every single Jedi is now an enemy of the
Republic - what must be done
do not hesitate show no mercy
who could've done this twisted by the
dark side young Skywalker had
accomplices I feel so helpless
[Music]
you were the chosen one
you
[Music]